
 Team Sababu ya kushinda ama ku droo: Denmark have won 12 of their last 17 internationals (D1, L4), including three of their last four (L1). The Danes have netted 43 goals across that period and have struck 11 in their last four games. Scotland have beaten only Luxembourg and Faroe Islands in their last ten internationals (D4, L4).

 Team Sababu ya kushinda ama ku droo: Israel beat Moldova 4-1 in their last away World Cup qualifier.  Israel are 33 places above the Faroe Islands in the Figa rankings.

 Team Sababu ya kushinda ama ku droo: France have conceded six times in their last three competitive matches. France have scored in their last 11 internationals. Bosnia-Herzegovina have scored in seven of their last eight away non-friendly internationals.

 Team Sababu ya kushinda ama ku droo: Austria’s three most recent away wins have been to nil.  Moldova have failed to score in six of their last nine games.

 Team Sababu ya kushinda ama ku droo: Slovenia have won six of their last eight home games – including a 1-0 success over Croatia in their Group H opener. Slovakia have lost eight of their last 13 competitive away games.

 Team Sababu ya kushinda ama ku droo: Turkey managed four wins and two draws in six games prior to Euro 2020.  Turkey have only failed to score in one of their last eight home games and both teams have scored in six of those fixtures, while both teams have scored in three of Montenegro’s last five matches.

 Team Sababu ya kushinda ama ku droo: Israel beat Moldova 4-1 in their last away fixture in World Cup qualifying.  The Faroe Islands have lost three of their last four games.

 Team Sababu ya kushinda ama ku droo: Latvia managed a 3-3 draw in Turkey in their last World Cup qualifier.  Gibraltar have lost all three of their qualifiers and have conceded 14 goals, scoring just once.

 Team Sababu ya kushinda ama ku droo: Norway have lost only once in Norway since 2016 (P19, W12, D6, L1). The Netherlands have failed to win four of their last six competitive away games.

 Team Sababu ya kushinda ama ku droo: Portugal have posted nine victories and nine clean sheets from their 17 matches dating back to September 2020. Republic of Ireland have only beaten Andorra in their last 14 starts, losing seven.

 Team Sababu ya kushinda ama ku droo: Switzerland have won three of their last four games against Greece, drawing the other.  Switzerland won six games in a row prior to Euro 2020.
